The following samples show simple usage scenarios of the iTrace and related tools.

## Command definition ##
The iTrace tool have the following command definition:

<pre>
Trace option setting . . . . . .                 *ON, *OFF`<br>
Program to trace . . . . . . . .                 Name<br>
Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     *LIBL       Name,*LIBL, *CURLIB<br>
Program Type . . . . . . . . . .   *PGM          *PGM, *SRVPGM<br>
Trace data to save . . . . . . .   *ALL          *ALL, *FLOWCHG<br>
File to receive output . . . . .   TRACEDATA     Name<br>
Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     QTEMP       Name, *CURLIB<br>
File output options  . . . . . .   *ADD          *ADD, *REPLACE<br>
Contains the case id . . . . . .   TRCDTAA       Name<br>
Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     *CURLIB     Name, *CURLIB<br>
Trace for batch job  . . . . . .   *OFF          *ON, *OFF<br>
Submited Job to trace  . . . . .                 Name<br>
User . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 Name<br>
Number . . . . . . . . . . . .                 000000-999999<br>
</pre>

  * **Trace option setting**: this parameter turn **on** or **off** the trace mode. When the trace is active, the activity of the program gets logged in the outfile.
  * **Program to trace**: indicates the qualified name of the program to be traced. Every program or service program called by the program indicated in this parameter, is also traced.
  * **Trace data to save**: this parameter can take one of the following values:
    * **`*`ALL**: log every executed line. This mode is particularly useful for test coverage analysis
    * **`*`FLOWCHG**: log only the first line of every subprocedure or program invoked from the program indicated in the **Program to trace** parameter.
  * **File to receive output**: indicates the qualified name of the file that contains the trace data generated by iTrace.
  * **File output options**: this parameter can take one of the following values:
    * **`*`ADD**: keeps all previous data found in the output file
    * **`*`REPLACE**: replaces all previous data found in the output file
  * **Contain the case id**: this is the qualified name of the data area used to correlated a block of trace records with a test case. If the data doesn't exists, iTrace creates it.
  * **Trace for batch job**: this parameter indicate if the traced program is running in a batch mode. If is turned on, the trace records will used the "Submited Job to Trace" as the value for the job/number/user of the trace.
  * **Submited job to trace**: indicates the qualified name of the job in which the traced program is running.